Refactor cleanup (#157)
epiforecasts/eval-by-method: report/quarto/_discussion.qmd

On the other hand, bespoke mechanistic models are more easily tailored to a single target which may give a specific performance advantage for such targets [@becker2021; @clapham2021].
A study of COVID-19 forecasts in Germany and Poland found the two best-performing models were those agent-based models specifically tuned to the national context [@bracher2022].
In this study, we noted that the more mechanistic models produced a wide range of predictive performance.
This may reflect a greater range of flexibility to incorporate forecaster experience [@mcgowan2019], and understanding of the data generating processes that lead the forecast target [@wolffram2023]: for example, country-specific policies influencing local epidemic dynamics, or the specific way in which the public data reflected underlying transmission processes.
While not considered here, we note the widely replicated finding that ensemble combinations across multiple models often produces the most reliable predictive performance (e.g. [@sherratt2023; @cramer2022; @reich2019accuracy]).

> Greater capacity [@], investment [@rivers], and standardisation [@epiforge2021] of infectious disease forecasting has created a much broader comparable sample of forecast performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Greater investment [@rivers] and standardisation [@epiforge2021] [#TODO_CITE-hubverse] in infectious disease forecasting has created a much broader comparable sample of forecast performance.
```

While this may reduce the likelihood of random error, it cannot alone account for bias in comparisons of performance.
Our analysis represents a middle ground in formally considering bias when designing evaluation studies.
On one hand, this degree of formality may not be necessary when there are minimal sources of confounding (e.g. a single forecast target), or if the effective sample size is large enough to support a simpler stratification.
In our setting, however, cross-classifying forecasts by the categorical covariates alone (epidemiological target, horizon, location, trend, variant phase, geographic scope, and model structure) yields over 46,000 strata; the resulting cells are sparse and highly uneven, and incidence, a continuous covariate, cannot be stratified without arbitrary binning.
On the other hand, a more formal analysis could fully specify the causal estimand with a directed acyclic graph; use this to derive a minimal sufficient adjustment set of covariates, and report a quantitative bias analysis (such as an E-value) for unmeasured confounding.

> Further model comparison projects could enable this by encouraging methodological diversity among participants, and ensuring that detailed structured information on model metadata (such as methodology and model revisions) is collated alongside numerical predictions [@holcomb2023].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further model comparison projects could enable this by encouraging methodological diversity among participants, and ensuring that detailed structured information on model metadata (such as methodology and model revisions) is collated alongside numerical predictions [@pollett2020].
```
